Downloaded from
YTS.MX
NETFLIX PRESENTS
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
Pick six cards. Nina.
The Empress.
You have a great ability to communicate.
You're very charismatic.
You have a natural ability
to captivate people.
Yeah. People always tell me that.
Other than your family.
who would you say is very close to you?
Oh. my girlfriends.
They are like my second family.
Mayra. who's a veterinarian.
is my "bestest" friend.
Esoteric. indecisive.
it's like she's always daydreaming.
-And there is--
-Strong bonds. indeed.
Michelle.
She has a big heart.
She's always making new friends.
We fight sometimes.
but I know I can always count on her.
And Vivi. she's a geek.
She lives in her own world.
It's hard to get her out of there.
It looks like you have
a very glamorous life. Nina.
The life of a digital influencer.
you know?
I have 327.000 followers.
But my goal is to get my first million.
Yeah. but in The Moon.
all that glitters is not gold. Nina.
Cell phone cases!
Do you like your boyfriend?
Marcão? You bet I do.
Let me show you Marcão. You'll see.
Just look at him.
Such a hot number. Selene!
He's just my type!
I'm talking about the number of followers!
438.000.
You're gonna go on a trip.
You're really good!
I'm going to Aspen.
Marcão closed a deal. and he's taking me.
Well. I don't know where you're going.
but it will be a turning point
in your path. Nina.
Believe in your destiny.
Trust the power
of life-changing experiences.
You have everything
you need to shine. Nina.
All you need is courage
to be who you really are.
But be careful. Nina.
In your quest to conquer it all.
you might lose what you really love.
@NINA FERPANNI
YOU HAVE TO SEE THIS
You can stop. It's okay.
Can you hold this?
Thank you.
Don't waste any time.
Our store has anything you want.
What is this?
Marcão?
Son of a bitch!
Fuck. Marcão! You cheated on me!
-What's that?
-How embarrassing!
Me. the person who loved you the most!
Calm down. Let's talk over there.
-Don't touch me! Get your hands off me!
-Calm down.
I texted you. I tried to talk to you.
Fuck. Marcão. How could you do this to me?
-It went viral. okay? Everyone saw it.
-Everyone?
But look. Nina. I want to talk to you.
I want to explain.
You want to explain?
I'd love to hear your explanation.
-Well. I'm--
-There isn't one. Marco Antônio.
And it was with a…
A woman with 1.437 followers.
One thousand four hundred!
And 37.
You wouldn't understand. you know?
We're not on the same page.
-What about the trip?
-Well. we're not going.
I mean. I'm going. but with…
with…
Forget it.
I can't believe it!
I'm telling you. babe.
Sex shops are the best.
Really?
You'll love it.
There's always something new.
Flavored panties like strawberry.
annatto. chili pepper.
-And…
-That's wonderful!
Now that you met me.
make sure to stop by.
You'll love it.
Bye. foxy.
Sorry. guys. I was doing
some sales consultant business.
-Just work stuff.
-Okay. we know.
But what matters now
is to be there for Nina.
-Let's go in peacefully. harmonically.
-I've never seen her like that. really.
-Have you seen her posts?
-Oh. come on! I didn't have any time.
Plus. you know Nina
is the queen of overreacting.
Look who's talking!
Look. it's depressing. Look at that.
TEN WAYS TO WIN IN LIFE
What about this one? And the worst part.
Nina became a meme.
-Meme?
-Meme.
-Yes. a meme.
I don't get it.
She's Ms. Suffering.
but she has time to post and edit stuff?
Look. I love Nina. but she's so lame!
After she became an influencer.
everything went downhill.
I'm sorry.
it's still too hard to talk about it.
But this gig will help me a lot.
How much?
Can I ask you something?
If I forgo my payment.
can I take three people with me?
I'll hold.
You won't believe
where we'll spend Carnival this year.
All right.
Okay. then. Thank you. Talk to you later.
-Tell us!
-Don't leave us hanging!
Girls!
We'll have to spend Carnival
in Salvador!
Everything free. VIP bands.
the whole shebang!
Oh my God!
Finally. this wannabe Instagrammer
will be of use to us.
Stop that! I was on the phone
with Freddy Nunes' press agent.
-Oh my God. Freddy Nunes.
-That's right. Freddy Nunes.
He invited me to spend Carnival there.
and you're coming with me!
It's gonna be
the best Carnival of our lives!
Guys. I'm very excited.
but who's Freddy Nunes?
-Should I know who he is?
-Come on! For God's sake.
-How would I know?
-Show her.
-Everyone knows who he is.
-Here. look.
Does it feel good? Go down...
I do know him. I mean. the song.
I've never seen him.
He's not my type anyway.
Oh. come on. Speak for yourself!
A hottie like him?
If I see him in Salvador.
Lord have mercy. because I won't!
Guys. I would love to go with you.
but I don't know.
It's Carnival. It's too crowded.
I can't.
Hey. no other place
is more spiritual than Salvador.
Well. I know it's Carnival.
but have I ever gotten you in trouble?
Mayra. sweetie.
I won't let go of your hand.
no matter what.
Don't worry.
You can trust me.
I don't know if I can.
Can you imagine us on the trio elétrico?
Oh. that's great you're here
Welcome to Salvador
The heart of Brazil
Of Brazil!
Come. you will get to know…
I'm not singing.
The city of light and fun
Running after the trio…
What is this? La La Land?
You'll see that people from Bahia
Are full of energy
They have God in their hearts
And the devil on their hips
Okay? Hey! Hi. ladies!
My name is Salvador.
I will be your tourism coordinator.
Wow! You have the same name as the city!
Baptized and registered
with the name of my city.
Look. I was born in Bahia. in Salvador.
and I'm very proud of it.
By the grace of Our Lord of the Good End
and Saint Dulce of the Poor.
-Axé!
-All the grace.
If you need anything. just talk to me.
This year will be tough
since I have to work on Carnival.
You know what I mean? But it's cool.
There's no way around it.
I'm cool. I'm good. dude. You know why?
Because I'm always here. body and soul.
Got it?
Well. your words. not that much.
But your body language is great. Damn!
-And they say people from Bahia are slow.
-What? Who said that?
People from Bahia dash
at every crossroad full speed ahead.
They are brothers.
they have faith in Oshala.
It's you girls who are slow.
You're late for Carnival.
It started yesterday.
You know that. right?
-No way!
-I could have planned it sooner!
So. shall we get going?
Yes. sure. Let's go.
I'll take yours. okay?
Thank you.
Get out of here!
Luana is here!
Of course. She's one of the influencers
who was invited.
Guys. this girl is unbelievable.
She knows what's up.
She's flawless. spiritual.
intelligent. politicized.
feminist. vegan. fit.
And she has ten million followers.
Ladies. your car is here.
Right on! You nailed it!
-It's finally our turn.
-Look at this car!
-Why didn't he wait for us?
-Ready. ladies?
FREDDY'S CARNIVAL
DOES IT FEEL GOOD? ENJOY!
It's gonna be fun. guys!
The spacious van
will take us to the resort.
It'll be great. you'll see.
Lead the way. Michelle.
Howdy. Rosa.
Dude. Vitória lost another game.
Now I'll have to deal with the rivals.
Anyway. that reservation under Nina?
All good. The room is ready.
Great.
Hey! Ladies. this is Samir.
He takes care of our guests.
Hi. Samir. How do you do?
I'm Vivi... Vivian.
Oops. hi.
Samir will be your guide in Salvador.
What's that?
You can trust him. He's good people.
Salvador. you're leaving us already?
Of course not! I'll be around.
Rosa. can you tell me
Luana Di Sertanzo's room number?
-Luana?
-No. Luana is at another hotel.
She's at the resort next door.
All the influencers are staying there.
Well. isn't she an influencer?
-There must be some kind of mistake.
-This isn't fair!
Ladies!
That resort is for influencers
who have over a million followers.
So. that's it. Forget it.
Anyway. with this wristband.
everything that you do in this hotel
will be paid for by Freddy Nunes. okay?
What about the red ones?
They are for the resort next door.
Should you need anything.
just give me a call.
Anything.
-Let's bounce. Sam.
-Yes.
-Bye. ladies.
-Bye.
-Bye. Rosa.
-Bye. thank you.
Bye. See you around Bahia.
-I call dibs on the larger bed!
-Ouch! Go!
Yeah. it's not…
Man. the best part of the room
is the view.
But look. we got a Freddy gift bag.
Look at that. Let's see what this is.
That's hot.
He is actually hot. Michelle.
And this will help me
get my first million followers.
-That's true.
-Guys! You have to see this!
-Damn!
-Even I got excited.
-Let's get changed and go down there.
-That isn't our hotel's pool.
It's Luana's hotel.
And you see that golden dot up there?
It's not an Oscar.
It's her. Luana Di Sertanzo.
Luana is already posting.
Professional.
No wonder she has ten million followers.
Then let's get changed
and check out our hotel's pool.
What? You might be able
to take great pictures.
You wanna bet?
Man. thank God we didn't bet any money.
Fire!
My hair!
Get out of here. you little devils!
Are you happy now. Mayra?
Now to the other side. like that.
Look. like that.
Michelle. you brought
your red lipstick. right?
Huh?
Look at our red bands!
This is simply wonderful!
Wow!
Pool time!
Girls. welcome to paradise!
Hey! How are you?
Thank you.
Detox. guys.
-You're so lame. Mayra.
-Come on. Michelle.
-A toast!
But seriously. I should be over there.
-Freddy is so hot.
-Babe magnet.
He's not really my type.
There's no need to rush.
We have a full menu today.
Getting intimate with the floor
Getting intimate with the booty
Does it feel good? Go down
Getting intimate with the floor
Getting intimate with the booty
Go down
Enjoy it
Let's go!
Getting intimate with the floor
Getting intimate with the booty
-Let's take a selfie.
-Okay.
Another one.
Guys. it's Luana!
Geez. she's obsessed with Luana.
Luana!
Excuse me. guys.
Hi.
-You're so beautiful!
-Thank you.
Your eyes are really green!
I'm nervous. I'm sorry.
Take a deep breath.
Deep breath.
-You don't know me yet. but I'm Nina.
-Nice to meet you.
I'm shaking.
I'm a huge fan of your work. Huge.
I'm an influencer too.
-And I always see--
-Hold on.
I do recognize you.
-Really?
-I saw a meme once…
-You're the CrossFit Cuckold!
-Oh. yeah.
Guys.
There's no such thing as bad publicity.
Right. Mirna?
Right. And it's Nina. My name is Nina.
Shall we? If you'll excuse us.
Isn't life funny?
Now we are here.
in the same group of influencers.
Yeah. I never thought I'd be
in the same group as a meme. I love it.
Well. it was nice to meet you. Virna.
My pleasure. Thank you.
-Can we record a story?
-Sure.
-Do you have your phone on you?
-Oh. of course.
-Silly me.
-No worries.
-I'm shaking. I'm--
-It's okay.
-Here. Let me. This light is better.
-Will you do it?
I'll do it.
Hi. guys. I'm here with…
-Nina!
-Yes!
We're here together
enjoying this wonderful Carnival
in Salvador with Freddy Nunes.
Kisses!
Wonderful!
-You're wonderful.
-Thank you.
You nailed it. Thank you so much.
-I wish you success.
-Thank you.
May God light your way. God bless you.
-You're so enlightened.
-Thank you. I wish you well. Tina.
-Bye.
-It's Nina.
-Okay.
-I'll tag you so you can repost it!
-Sure. Thank you.
-Gorgeous. I love your outfit! It shines.
You always nail it.
"You always nail it"?
-Nina. and? How was it?
-Tell us.
-Relax. guys.
-Luana is cool. but kind of aloof.
Is she a bitch?
-What did she do?
-We recorded a story.
-On my phone.
-So. it's useless.
What if she likes it?
-Right?
-Wow!
-What if she comments on it?
-That'd be great!
-What if she reposts it?
-What if you wake up. girlfriend?
Let's make a toast.
Let's do it before I make out with the DJ.
Does it feel good?
Enjoy it
Hi. Could you ladies come with me. please?
Don't bother me.
Guys. he charla Spanish.
he charla everything.
Easy there.
Well. you "offendeux" me by "parleing"
like that with moi.
Now that's French.
What are you trying to pull?
Your wristbands
don't grant you access to the resort.
So. let's go. please?
-What are you trying to say?
-Easy. Michelle.
Are you calling us liars?
Sir. dude from the hotel…
Hold me. please. Let me tell you…
Calm down.
-Yeah. she's fierce. okay?
-Let me go.
You will take us to the exit
in an orderly fashion.
Michelle!
Let's just leave with class.
pretending we are being escorted.
-We just need to get our stuff. Chop-chop!
-Sure. thank you.
No. you guys have no idea
how awesome Luana's abadá for tonight is.
You're gonna gag. It's hot!
Samir?
Hi.
-Hi. Vivi.
-Hi.
Samir. do you know anyone
who could customize my abadá?
There's Mrs. Mommy. She's an artist.
Your abadá will look great.
How can I talk to your mom?
-Vivi. you're gonna meet his mom!
-No. she isn't my mom.
That's what we call her.
I'll call her now.
Mommy?
Mrs. Mommy?
-I want to customize my--
-I know!
Man. isn't she pleasant?
-It will be R$ 350.
-Money doesn't grow on trees. honey.
-I'm good.
-I'll figure something out.
-What about R$ 300?
-It's R$ 380.
-R$ 370.
-R$ 350. Take it or leave it.
Deal.
-Are you crazy?
-You're being clueless. Nina.
Hey. Mrs. Mommy?
How about we make a trade?
Hi. guys!
Today I have an incredible tip
for those of you spending Carnival
in Salvador.
Mrs. Mommy!
-That's the trade?
-No. the trade is what's coming now.
I'll add her contact information.
If you want to look gorgeous
this Carnival. call her.
Mrs. Mommy.
-Say something. Mrs. Mommy.
-Go ahead. Mrs. Mommy.
-Mrs. Mommy!
-What is this?
Look at all the people who will follow me!
Look at all the people I'll hook up with!
-Who look exactly the same.
-Look at all the people. period.
I want to shine bright tonight!
Appeal to charisma.
-All the money you paid was useless.
-Envy.
Shut up. Nina. you look beautiful.
-I know.
-Luana better watch out.
Speaking of Luana. where is she?
-Girls. Freddy Nunes is coming!
-Let's go see his trio.
That way!
Does it feel good? Go down...
I can't believe we're here! Pinch me!
My dream is to hop on the trio
with you guys someday.
Guys. look! There's that hunk Freddy.
Does it feel good? Go down
Does it feel good? Enjoy it
Getting intimate with the floor
Getting intimate…
I wanna see everybody dancing!
This girl is smart as hell
Black belt. hard mode
Causes a splash in society
She's a hit on Insta
Has over a thousand likes
She posts pics twerking
Please don't stop
And. hey!
Does it feel good? Enjoy it
Getting intimate with the floor
Getting intimate with the booty
Does it feel good? Go down
Does it feel good? Enjoy it
Getting intimate with the floor
-Go down
-Go!
Go down
Freddy. what a hit!
Let's twerk it!
-Guys. that's Luana!
-What?
Does it feel good? Enjoy it
Getting intimate with the floor
I told you Mrs. Mommy
should've used sequins.
Michelle. that's nonsense.
Michelle! Girl. you look beautiful.
Luana is light years ahead of me.
A blinding light ahead.
She's too gorgeous! I'll never make it.
I don't even own those kinds of clothes.
-Girl. do you want to go inside?
-Yes. I do. Let's go inside.
Hey. no way. honey.
Things are hot out here.
Oops! I'm sorry.
How about you? How's it going?
Girls. let's follow those boys.
-It's much better inside.
-Much better.
-Let's go. girl.
-You're shameless. Hey. Michelle.
One more. please.
-Mayra. aren't you drinking?
-No. alcohol is not good for your spirit.
Yes. but you're not a spirit yet.
Drink one of these with us.
-Excuse me.
-My drink?
-Thank you.
-Another one?
Thank you.
It was only one.
-Enough.
-Happy?
-We aren't. but you probably are.
-Alcohol doesn't affect me.
-Sure!
-What's up. ladies?
Hi!
Do you guys know Gis de Oliveira?
Thanks to her. you'll be in the VIP area.
Thank you. you're wonderful.
Girls. it's too early.
You guys can go ahead.
You know that too many women together
scare all the men.
-Okay. Bye.
-Kisses.
Vivi. do you know where the restroom is?
I think… Oh. there.
-Thanks.
-I'm gonna go with Gis. okay?
-Okay.
-I'll catch up with you later.
-Shall we. Salvador?
I can't tonight. I'm busy.
-But we'll see each other again. okay?
-Okay.
-Shall we?
-I loved your…
What's up. Sal? Wanna have a drink?
-I can't. I'm working.
-Forget it. Come on.
Guys. I'm in the VIP area.
filled with wonderful people.
with my good party promoter friend…
Look. she looks beautiful
dressed as a mermaid. Slay. girl.
Excuse me?
Don't I know you from somewhere?
It's her. dude! I told you it was her!
She's famous. her face is everywhere.
-Oh. not that much.
-What did you do?
I did some publications. some--
No! You are the CrossFit Cuckold!
-Take a picture with us.
-It's not me.
-Do the face from the meme.
-Meme?
-I don't know what meme--
-What's up?
What's so funny? I wanna laugh. too.
Thanks. Freddy.
No worries. Why were they teasing you?
This whole thing with my ex. It's nothing.
-I'm Nina. Nice to meet you.
-Nice to meet you.
Well. if he's an ex. forget him
and focus on the next one.
Freddy!
Dude. you're part
of the soundtrack of my life.
You look exactly like my ex. Like a clone!
I don't know if you look like him
or if he looks like you.
You have the same face. the same hot body.
I don't know. it's crazy.
Kiss me so I can figure out
whether to love you or hate you.
Excuse me. Honey. excuse me.
-But we were in the middle of something.
-So were we.
He was giving me an interview.
-Let's go there. Excuse me.
-Let's go.
Talk to you later. Freddy!
What's up. gorgeous? Are you by yourself?
Let's save us some time.
I'll ask you a few questions.
-Get them right and I'll kiss you.
-Deal.
What are the balls used in Quidditch?
In Harry Potter.
-Who?
-Quaffle. Bludger. and Golden Snitch.
Buzz off!
-Where are you from?
-Minas Gerais.
I love men from Minas Gerais!
Man. she's got it going on.
How fast does the DeLorean
need to go in order to time travel?
Dude. they haven't even watched
Back to the Future?
-And where are you from?
-São Paulo.
Oh. my. I love men from São Paulo!
-I like it.
-It came out great.
Two beers. please.
We are celebrating
the end of Nina's relationship.
No way.
Let's celebrate that Nina is single.
-That's better.
-All right.
-Fine.
-And happier.
It's great.
I was thinking.
when we're alone.
it feels like the whole world
is against us.
Right?
I don't know.
even if the whole world is against us.
like you said.
I think we should just keep going. Right?
Like…
sailing.
"The world against us. sailing."
Could be nice lyrics.
-Really?
-Really.
-Wow. I just got inspired.
-You're inspired.
Yeah. Anyway. whatever happens.
I just think we can't be afraid. right?
Of being happy.
Dude. please. buzz off.
Buzz off. my ass. Vivi. Are you nuts?
Asking these crazy questions
that no one understands.
Let me try to explain.
The muscle on a guy
is inversely proportional
to how much he reads.
And I'm not asking hard questions like.
"What is the meaning of life?"
Vivi. the meaning of life
is not to judge a book by its cover.
You wanna see?
Let me prove it to you. Come here.
Focus. okay?
I'm gonna ask you a hard question.
How much is two plus two?
Four.
See? He got it right.
What's your name?
Ronaldo.
Where am I? Am I in heaven?
Girlfriend? Bahia. Salvador. Carnival?
That's it! Shake it. hottie!
Girl. that's Mayra.
-She's the star of the show! Go!
-She's our friend.
Hey. girlfriend!
Girl. are you okay? Get up from the floor.
Floor!
Freddy. I'm really surprised.
We have way more in common
than I imagined.
That's true.
And we barely know each other.
Floor!
Stop with this show. You aren't Beyoncé.
What are you filming?
-Nina. come help us!
-What happened?
Booze. moonshine. alcohol.
-Well. go help out your friends. okay?
-Okay.
I'll break your phone.
Can I at least say goodbye to him?
Yeah. but do it fast.
-What's the problem?
-Excuse me.
-Nina.
-I came to say goodbye. Freddy.
Let me introduce you to my manager. Jorge.
-This is Jorge.
-Nice to meet you.
-How are you?
Well. see you later?
Later on? I don't know.
My friend will get better soon. She'll…
Give me that!
Nina. what do you mean.
you didn't have time?
Just grab and kiss them. Two seconds.
Do you remember that New Year's Eve
when we went swimming at night?
-Of course!
-Girl.
-Girls. let's do it again! Please!
-I'm in.
Nah. tomorrow I have a photo shoot
with Freddy and the influencers.
because now I'm an influencer.
Come on. Nina. We'll be old in no time.
Come on. for old time's sake.
What old times? We're not 40!
But before you know it. we will be!
For Christ's sake.
Guys. don't tell me
that I stole this for nothing.
Where…
Oh. no! Guys! Wake up. please!
Come on! Vivi. wake up! Mayra!
Please. guys. help me!
I'm gonna miss my photo shoot!
Grab your stuff. girls.
Hi!
Don't you recognize me?
-Did I ever hook up with him?
-No. it can't be.
-Samir.
-Wow. man!
If you're like that. why do you go around
looking all disheveled?
Samir. thank God. Please. help us.
I need to go back to the hotel. Help us.
Sure. I'll drop you off
on my way to the gym.
Gym? Not the gym.
-Let's go. then! Quick!
-Hold on.
Quick?
Go. Samir! Faster!
Thank you. Samir!
-Do a mantra. Nina!
-Thanks. Clark Kent.
-Thanks a lot.
-Wait. Vivi.
Well… I…
Well…
I…
I was thinking
maybe we could do something later.
No. I'm busy.
Hey. was that necessary?
When will you understand you don't have
to give up one thing to do another?
-What are you talking about?
-I don't know. Vivi.
You're judging a book by its cover.
-You could at least kiss him.
-Why would I do that?
Because I realized
a kiss can reveal a lot.
I have no patience for you.
I'm so deep today.
Oh my God. Is that how you feel
when you fall in love?
Guys. this is the picture of the event.
Look happy.
Done? Okay. Great photo. guys.
-Waiter. bring the drinks.
-No. wait. I need to be in the picture.
Easy. Where were you?
Never mind. Thank you.
Hi. Freddy.
Excuse me. girls. Hi. Nina.
I'm late. My hotel is far from here.
-Aren't you staying here in the resort?
-No.
No. I don't have a million followers.
You're really cute.
Well. that's okay.
I'll see you later then. right?
Well. bye. Nina.
Yes. sure.
I'll talk to her and call you back.
Ladies. I just got a call
from Freddy Nunes' people.
-What did you do now?
-Will we have to leave?
Girl. what did you do?
She really did something.
-Oh. no!
-She's just a bit dense.
Calm down. Ladies. calm down.
It was something good.
-Good?
-Relax. Of course.
Because you all will be moving
to this resort today.
-Oh my God. Thank you. my Lord Jesus.
-Michelle. get up.
Let me thank the Lord. I need to pray.
Let's go get our stuff from that pigsty.
Now we made it!
-Thank you. Salvador.
-Nina?
I'd like to invite you to something.
Sure. Go ahead.
Do you want to explore
Salvador's Salvador tomorrow?
I would love to explore the city.
Oh my God!
Look at this! It's a house. not a room.
Thank you. Lord.
The ones who were humbled are now exalted.
I can't believe this!
Man. I'll tell you.
the best part of the room is the room.
Guys. I can't believe this.
I want to live here.
Let's go check out the bedroom.
Ta-da!
PERKS FROM PARADISE
My follower count won't stop rising!
Every time I refresh. there are more.
I'm the best. I'm the queen of Instagram!
Nobody gets Instagram better than me!
You are the queen of Instagram!
-Who is the queen of Instagram?
-Guys.
-Luana.
-I'm the queen of Instagram!
Luana?
Hi. Now that you're staying at the resort.
we're gonna see each other all the time.
That's great.
Right?
Freddy invited us.
Good to know Freddy was generous enough
to have you here.
Luana.
are you and Freddy…
Honey. online. I'm as strong as he is.
That's just silly.
But it could be good for you.
Yes.
He's famous
and hot.
It wouldn't hurt.
Couldn't you give it a like?
Huh?
Our video that I posted.
-You could like it. comment on it--
-Video?
I didn't like it
because I didn't see it. Right?
I'm not your friend.
so I don't follow you.
Got it. Okay.
Speaking of friends.
can I give you some advice?
Sure. Please do.
Friends take away our focus.
Think about it.
If a single anchor is already a hurdle.
three is a guaranteed sinking ship.
#justsaying.
Bye…
Nina.
Right.
Ouch. guys! Let go of me! Hold up!
Excuse me! No!
She's the peasant of Instagram!
Good evening.
Let's have fun!
Wait. my hair!
Come on. Vivi.
I think I forgot my card.
Oh. no way. Check again.
Guys. I already did. I didn't bring it.
I can't believe this.
We'll have to go back.
Let's go. There's nothing we can do.
Go ahead.
I'll stay. It's my job.
That has nothing to do with your job.
It's something else.
Yeah. it's called professionalism.
No. it's called selfishness.
Because Vivi… We know she is an airhead.
-We know she talks nothing but nonsense--
-Michelle.
I'm defending you. But she has friends.
We're going. We're your friends.
I think this is about attitude. Freddy.
-I agree. but what I was supposed to do?
-Hi. Freddy.
-Hi. Nina.
-Hi…
Jorge.
Jorge!
-It's Freddy!
-Let's go.
-Hi.
-Freddy!
Jorge. go get Mr. Ailton.
I'll wait here with Nina.
Go there. please.
Freddy. you know what? I'm gonna go.
-I'm tired. I worked all day.
-Yeah.
I'll ask security to take you.
-Okay.
-Okay?
Okay. Have a nice rest.
-Bye. Nina.
-Bye. It's Jorge. right?
Hey! Freddy!
-Yes. you! Excuse me. guys.
-My God. it's that nutcase.
Come here. Nina.
Freddy. I can't believe this!
Let me through. Excuse me.
That's hot! That's what Carnival is for.
Now it's my turn to kiss him.
-Excuse me?
-No. I'm not that kind of girl.
I'm talking about my Freddy. He is…
Babe! Come here!
Come here!
Right? What do you think?
They look so much alike.
Stand next to him.
Check this out.
A head on one side. a head on the other.
Twins!
They are the Wonder Twins
of this Carnival in Bahia!
-We got back together.
-You did?
-Yes.
-That's great. Congratulations!
Not for you. You lost your chance
to kiss these pretty lips.
Babe. let's go.
-You guys are gorgeous!
-Go on. Enjoy your Carnival.
-Gosh. she's…
-Yeah. nutty.
-Yeah.
-Hey.
Wanna go to my place? Huh?
To my place?
I think he slipped. actually.
Make yourself at home.
-Careful.
-Oops.
I don't want you to get hurt.
I want you to feel at home.
Come on.
Dude. your song broke
the national download record.
Top five worldwide.
Freddy!
-Yeah. I'm pissed. Get off my back.
-I'm sorry. I didn't mean to.
No. I'm not mad at you.
I'm mad at the queen of Instagram.
She could've come with us.
She would've only missed 30 minutes.
There's still a lot of Carnival left.
It wouldn't hurt.
Guys. for Nina. 30 minutes
would've made all the difference. Look.
FREDDY NUNES AND MEME INFLUENCER
HOOK UP
I can't believe this.
Okay.
I'll forgive her just because. as you saw.
time cannot be wasted.
Cannot be wasted at all.
Where is she…
Excuse me.
Remember me?
What do you think? Five or ten seconds?
-Three.
-Two.
Where is it? Where are the lights?
The special effects?
The confetti on my hair?
What happened. dude? The chick…
-Gee. that wasn't good.
-It wasn't. Let's go.
Mind if I join you?
Getting new followers did wonders for you.
How many do you have now?
502… No. 507.000.
-Wow! Congrats.
-Thanks.
Slow and steady.
Are you by yourself?
I mean. without your friends?
They're fine.
They're having fun.
Hello. Good evening.
Girl! I hope you're having
as much fun with your man
as we are having with all these men.
You're missing out!
511K FOLLOWERS
Yeah. right! You're saying
you only kissed one guy? As if.
-I think I'm gonna cry.
-It's true. guys.
I'm telling you.
his kiss was terrible today.
Yesterday. his kiss was so good.
Tonight. it was like he was
another person. Horrible kiss.
Maybe he has a split personality.
Girl. maybe he was drunk yesterday.
Or tonight. I don't know.
Just forget it.
Today was the best!
Too bad Nina isn't here.
Nina is having fun with Freddy.
that hottie.
-She's smart. She wanted followers.
-True.
Guys. Nina is here.
It looks like it went south.
Or better. it went nowhere.
But the picture was a hit.
Now she has 512.000 followers.
Yeah. it's very good.
-Hey.
-Good morning.
-Morning.
-Shall we?
Today we reggae until sunrise.
Are you excited?
Very much so. I even invited the girls.
but they didn't show up.
What's up. Sal? Ready?
What's up?
-Hi. Sal.
-Hi.
-Thanks for the tour. Sal.
-Cool.
Look!
-Clap your hands.
-Hey. wait for me!
-With chili.
-With chili?
Just a little bit.
Cheers!
-You go. Salvador!
Go for it!
-I can't be here. It's too crowded.
-Calm down. Relax. girl.
What's going on?
Mayra is a little scared of crowds.
-She's actually terrified.
-I'm okay. I just need to walk it off.
No. I'll go with you.
Are you sure?
Text me if you need anything. okay?
Excuse us. she's not feeling well.
It's less crowded here.
And it's breezy. It'll relax you.
Pelourinho is up high. near the port.
Everyone. right here. in this exact place.
the city of São Salvador was founded.
Go talk to him.
No. anyone can see…
It's obvious
I don't have anything in common with him.
I can't believe this.
You're judging a book by--
Don't you say
I'm judging a book by its cover.
Don't! Look. you know what?
I'm gonna prove to you
that we're not meant for each other.
Other people had come here before.
and it began to emerge again…
The countries had baroque architecture--
Hi.
Vivi?
How are you?
I'm fine. Listen. the Quidditch balls--
Quaffle. Bludger. and Golden Snitch.
I love Harry Potter.
Okay. Well. everybody knows that.
I want to know.
how fast does the DeLorean need to--
141 kilometers per hour.
Or 88 miles per hour in imperial units.
Well. Back to the Future is a classic.
Everyone's seen it. If they haven't.
someone told them about it.
Now I want to test
your behind-the-scenes knowledge.
What is the other last name
Luke Skywalker had
in the original drafts of Star Wars?
Starkiller!
Luke Starkiller!
But wait.
What's the point of all these questions?
Samir…
what's the meaning of life?
The meaning of life?
Well…
42!
The Hitchhiker's…
-…Guide to the Galaxy.
I think I found the rarest Pokémon.
What does that mean?
That we can evolve.
I knew it.
Cool.
-Your glasses.
-Thank you. Did you like it?
Loved it!
It's so hot.
What a great view.
Beautiful. huh?
It's the Bay of All Saints.
What's that there?
It's the São Marcelo Fort.
Look at it. For real.
Okay.
Listen. the Dutch
took over the fort for a year.
But then they ran away.
afraid of the people from Bahia.
Oh. it's because they are rowdy. right?
Yes. we are indeed.
Ronaldo!
It's you!
We should stop here.
There's Freddy.
I'm sorry. Salvador.
We had a great day.
I loved exploring Salvador's Salvador.
But we should stop here.
Okay.
So. I'll introduce you
to the most important part of the city
after me.
And what's the most important part
after you?
The faith.
Come.
Trust me. You'll like it.
It's such a privilege being born
in this awesome city.
-Me?
-Go.
Go.
My child.
stay calm.
Believe in your destiny.
Trust the power
of life-changing experiences.
You have everything
you need to shine. my child.
All you need is courage
to be who you really are.
NEW POST
FREDDYNUNESOFFICIAL
"Lunch party by the pool tomorrow.
Bring your friends."
SHARE?
NO - YES
Nina. you didn't post our picture
from yesterday?
No. it wouldn't get me any followers.
What?
-What?
-No need for drama. It's my job.
Let's do this. I'll send you the picture.
and you post it.
Then I'll comment and like it. Okay?
I better stay quiet.
I better not say anything.
Nina. they're pictures of us.
They're very cool.
Girl!
Let me explain.
I have to post pictures
that will increase engagement.
that will attract thousands of likes
and comments. That's it.
-No. I can't take this.
-Girl. no.
Hey. Instagram Queen. here's what you do.
Post our picture.
the one that doesn't increase engagement.
and I'll comment "#friendsforever"
a million times.
-Michelle. don't…
-No. that's all she cares about.
She wants likes and stuff.
It's what she wants.
Listen. Michelle.
I'm sick of your snarky comments.
It's my job. don't you get it?
Are you stupid or what?
-Go easy. girl.
-Why?
Hold me. I'll give her a fat lip.
What did you say?
-Say it again.
-Stupid.
-Don't yell!
-Listen to me…
Hey. ladies!
You can be mad all you want.
I'm not afraid to get into it with you.
Geez. you guys are friends.
Why did we come here after all?
Because of my Instagram.
-That wasn't my question.
-Idiot.
But your answer says a lot. Nina.
-I don't get it.
-And I'm the stupid one.
-What did I do?
-Your guest is here.
-Excuse me. How are you?
-Hi. Nina.
-I'm gonna get going.
-Yes. Jorge. please. And sort it out.
-Okay. Excuse me.
-Call me if you need me.
-Hi.
-Come here. I want to talk to you.
Come here.
Tell me. from the bottom of your heart.
do you like Salvador?
-Why?
-Why what?
-What do you mean?
-Salvador.
Yeah. I mean…
The city.
-What did you think I meant?
-Nothing. I was…
It's beautiful!
It's my first time here.
and I feel like I have roots here.
Salvador…
is really captivating me.
Salvador does that to everyone.
And my love for you
Is summer and spring
Even if the whole world is against us
Let's keep sailing together
-You remember. Freddy?
-See?
Nina. you have no idea. These words--
I have an idea. Let's go to my studio.
I want to introduce you to Cris.
the owner of my record label.
-Shall we?
-Sure.
Hey. Cris. come here for a second.
I want to introduce you
to a very special person.
Come here.
-Nina. Cris. Cris. Nina.
-Nice to meet you.
Now that you've been introduced.
I want to show you a dope new song. man.
Okay? Thank you. man.
Let's do it. Cris.
No one's allowed.
-But it's me!
-No one.
You. come here.
What's up? Are you okay?
No way. No one can stop me.
That's how I roll.
Michelle. I need to talk to you.
It's urgent. Come on.
Michelle. now.
-Michelle.
-She's out of it.
-Sorry. she'll be right back.
-Completely out of it.
Isn't this drink warm already?
Let me get another one for you.
Sir! Thank you.
-He only had water.
-Oh. really?
Hey. Instagram Girl.
go back to your Boomerangs.
-For God's sake. leave me alone.
-Michelle. I mean it.
You drank too much.
You're hitting on anyone with a pulse.
So now you're gonna control me
and criticize what I do.
Oh. that's right.
I forgot she can do anything.
She's paying for everything.
She's the queen of Instagram
and can do whatever she wants.
Michelle! I'm just asking you
to get it together. okay?
What are you trying to do? Embarrass me?
You act so superior.
You know what you should do?
Go to hell.
and don't forget to ping your location.
Michelle!
-Guys. I killed the man.
-You didn't mean to.
Freddy. tell us what happened.
-Please. an interview.
-I don't think it's too serious.
Are you two dating? Are you in love?
What?
With this lady. Nina.
Of course. Nina is my muse.
-Talk to us.
-Nina. how is the relationship going?
We're just getting to know each other.
but I can say we're having
a wonderful time together.
-That's right.
-Guys. Luana is here.
Luana. did you see what happened?
-Hi.
-Luana. did you witness the accident?
Excuse me.
I have no patience for amateurs.
I was there. guys. Nothing happened.
They were just being gay
about the whole thing.
But if she was a little bit fatter.
she would've killed him.
Hey!
Ladies. I have some great news for you.
Actually. I'd say it's wonderful!
My God!
What happened. Nina?
810.000 followers!
Just tell us. Salvador.
Well. Freddy Nunes invited you guys
to be on the trio elétrico tonight.
Geez. man! What is all this?
I'm sure they brought it
to the wrong room.
What is all this?
No. wait.
I need to make a story about these gifts.
-I'll just check them out.
-I want the makeup.
-They are gorgeous.
-Look. this one is so me.
Luana Di Sertanzo. the digital influencer.
lost many of her contracts.
It was just a comment.
Gays and fatties can blacken my image.
Geez. you guys got it all wrong.
I didn't say "blacken"
in the Black sense of the word. okay?
-It'd be as bad as talking about Jews.
-Luana makes fatphobic and racist remarks.
Hey. wait! I'm still talking!
I mean. what the hell?
Jews aren't even Black!
It's just that…
Guys. you know what?
Let's just delete the whole thing. okay?
That's why women can't drink like men.
LIGHTHOUSE SQUARE
I thought the van would drop us off
close to the trio.
You'll have to walk from here.
Freddy's security team
will help you get there. okay?
Tonight. Freddy's a guest
on Durval Lélys' trio elétrico.
You have to hurry.
-Then let's go.
-Come on.
Three. two. one…
Happy New Year!
Mayra.
Mayra?
It's okay.
I'm right here. You can trust me.
Did you get lost from your parents?
Give me your hand.
We are gonna be
on Durval's trio elétrico. Mayra.
Can you believe it?
Come with me. It's gonna be okay.
Come on. Freddy. Let's go.
Ladies. let's line up over here.
Come on. Freddy.
Hi.
-Ready to go?
-Yeah.
-Bye. Salvador. Thank you.
-Have fun.
Come on.
-Stop pushing me.
-Guys. hold on.
Nina. don't let go of my hand.
Girl. don't let go.
-Mayra. don't let go.
-Hey. hold on.
Nina!
Help me. Nina!
Michelle!
Nina!
The girls!
Here comes the Carnival champion.
The rhythm that will shake the world.
The girls!
Now. here they are.
Freddy Nunes and Durvalino!
Get up here. brother.
Come here.
-Come!
-Don't let go of my hand!
Girl. come on!
Come on. Mayra!
This girl is smart as hell
Black belt. hard mode…
Where are you. Nina? Come here.
She's a hit on Insta
Has over a thousand likes
She posts pics twerking
Please don't stop
Does it feel good? Go down
Getting intimate with the floor
Getting intimate with the booty
Does it feel good?
A special kiss to Nina!
Hi. my princess!
I’m so glad you're here!
Go down
-Homophobic!
-Get outta there!
BIGOT - LUANA IS SEXIST
RACISTS ARE NOT ALLOWED
-Come on down. You're a phony!
-Fascist!
906K FOLLOWERS
Getting intimate with the booty
Does it feel good? Go down
Does it feel good…
Mayra!
Getting intimate with the floor
Getting intimate with the booty…
Good evening. Excuse me.
My friend is lost!
Sweetie. look around. Everyone is lost.
I really need to find my friend. sir.
She's all alone.
Take another look.
She is definitely not alone.
Relax. no reason to be upset.
Fear is like faith backwards.
Don't let fear control you anymore.
We are under heavy protection.
Be thankful and have trust.
Wait a minute.
Aren't you Freddy Nunes' girlfriend?
Santos. come here.
Let's take a picture with her.
We can do that later.
Can you please take me
to Durval's trio elétrico?
Freddy.
I can explain.
Go ahead. explain.
-Guys. look. I don't--
-I'll explain. then.
What you just saw here
was a gay event producer
trying to force himself on his artist.
You're being ironic.
Just so you can keep being a coward.
We shouldn't have
this conversation like this.
"We"?
Yes.
-Please.
-What do you mean by "we"?
It's always only been "you."
Your career. your fans.
That's it.
And during your off hours.
in hiding. of course.
you had this moron here.
What did you want me to do?
Come out?
Is that it?
Coming out to yourself
would be enough. Freddy.
-I'm sorry. Nina.
-Freddy…
You don't have to apologize.
Go after your happiness.
Just do that.
Keep sailing. remember?
Be brave.
I know this isn't the best time.
but I really need your help
to find my friends.
-Of course.
-Please.
Vivi? Where are you?
Tell me. please.
I'm going crazy trying to find you guys.
I called Michelle. but she didn't pick up.
I tried texting Mayra.
but she doesn't reply.
Please. where are you guys?
No one.
Where to now. Ms. Nina?
Believe in your destiny.
Trust the power
of life-changing experiences.
All you need is courage
to be who you really are.
Nina. you didn't post
our picture from yesterday?
That's all she cares about.
She wants likes and stuff.
It's what she wants.
I won't let go of your hand.
no matter what.
In your quest to conquer it all.
you might lose what you really love.
Guys. I know I've been doing this live
for a really long time.
but I don't know what else to do
to find my friends.
I posted many stories. I tagged them…
Marcão?
Is that you?
Marcão. you know what?
MARCAOMARCAO JOINED
You were right.
I would never understand you.
Your new CrossFit girlfriend
must be way cooler
and much more sensitive than me.
IT'S NOT LIKE THAT. BUT I AGREE
Don't agree with me! You were an asshole!
Michelle!
Talk to me. Michelle. please.
Say anything.
Tell me to fuck off. but talk to me.
"Fuck…"
Gosh. you don't need
to talk to me like that. I'm sorry.
I messed up. I know. But I was blind.
I love you.
Mayra!
My soul sister.
Please. forgive me.
I'm so sorry.
I swear. I promise
that I'll never let go of your hand again.
VIVIGEEKRONDON JOINED
Vivi! You guys are all on this livestream
and no one says anything?
Guys. say something. please!
"What's the meaning of life?"
What's the meaning of life?
I know the answer. Vivi.
The meaning of life…
is having friends just like you guys.
That's the meaning of life.
Did I get it right?
No. but I like your answer.
so I'll take it.
Girls. please forgive me.
-Of course. girl.
-I'll let it slide this time.
This is real!
Wait. I need to do something.
-Look at that. You say I'm annoying.
-Not again.
That's so sweet!
You did have to post this one.
1 MILLION FOLLOWERS
Luana?
They hate me. They want me dead.
Who are "they"? Are you crazy?
Gay people. Black people. fat people.
Maybe even the indigenous people.
Why did you say all that?
Because I had no one around to tell me
that it was wrong. No friends.
It would've made a big difference.
These were my best friends back in school.
Ironic. isn't it?
Where are they now?
Look for them. Send them a message.
Friends are the most important thing
in life.
Good idea.
I'm gonna try to find them.
But first…
What are you doing?
Are you deleting your profile?
Don't do that.
First. I need to find myself.
Thank you.
You're a great influencer.
-You look great.
-You too.
Look. it's Ronaldo.
Oh my God!
Two Ronaldos?
Hey! You two! Yeah. you two.
Oh. God.
Okay. this one.
She's gonna kiss the other one.
She did it.
Wait.
Girls. this is Ronaldo.
And this one is the counterfeit.
-Hi. girls.
-Hi!
-Counterfeit?
-You could've told me.
-Hey!
-Hi!
-Hi. What's up?
-Hi. Samir.
Today. we'll be attending
a private concert.
-Awesome!
-Count me in.
-Let's go.
-Let's do this.
-Hi.
You know what? I'm loving love.
Wow. Vivi. you look so…
so different.
What? Are you judging a book by its cover?
No. I'm just saying you look beautiful.
That you are beautiful.
Oh. okay.
Let's go.
I…
I got caught up
in this whole social media stuff. but…
That's why I always dive right in.
I don't make stories. I live stories.
Nina. the only filter I use
is the water filter to quench my thirst.
because people from Bahia are--
Good afternoon. beautiful people.
Thank you for coming.
I said that Nina was my muse.
I mean. she is.
Just look at her and her beautiful smile.
She has such a great vibe.
Thank you. Nina.
I'm lucky to have met you.
She made me understand
that in order to love. we need courage.
"Keep sailing." remember?
That's why this next song
is for you.
Do it.
Jorge.
Come here. silly.
You go. Jorge!
It's for you.
My love for you
Is summer and spring
Even if the whole world is against us
Let's keep sailing together
My love for you
Is summer and spring
Even if the whole world is against us
Our love always reigns
I wasted so much time
Trying to explain to the world
That my love is you
But unfortunately
The world can't understand the heart
You know when I'm fine
You get me at first glance
And when I'm a pain
I don't have to say a word…
Nina. I love Freddy.
but Carnival is almost over.
and Yemoja is calling me. Bye.
You and I
And there's nothing that can explain us
Loving has no explanation
It's a connection
A connection…
-I love you.
-And I have always loved you.
You're nuts.
You guys are amazing!
-You are everything to me.
-I love you guys!
Best friends forever.
I love you guys!
Girls! Best Carnival ever!
You. me. and our love
It's you and me. and that's it
THE END